# ColorOS bloat
com.heytap.browser                               # Realme Browser
com.oppo.music                                   # Music (RUI-1)
com.heytap.music                                 # Music (RUI-2)
com.coloros.video                                # Video
com.coloros.filemanager                          # File Manager
com.heytap.usercenter                            # My Realme
com.heytap.cloud                                 # Heytap Cloud
com.coloros.gamespace                            # App Enhancement Services
com.coloros.compass2                             # Compass
com.coloros.backuprestore                        # Clone Phone
com.oppo.quicksearchbox                          # Oppo Search
com.coloros.assistantscreen                      # Smart Assistant
com.redteamobile.roaming                         # ORoaming
com.coloros.weather2                             # Weather 
com.realme.securitycheck                         # Security Analysis
com.coloros.soundrecorder                        # Recorder
com.coloros.screenrecorder                       # Screen Recording
com.coloros.phonemanager                         # Phone Manager
com.facebook.system                              # Facebook App Installer
com.facebook.services                            # Facebook Services
com.facebook.appmanager                          # Facebook App Manager
com.android.fmradio                              # FM Radio
com.coloros.focusmode                            # Focus Mode
com.heytap.pictorial                             # Lockscreen Magazine 
com.coloros.oshare                               # Realme Share
com.nearme.atlas                                 # Secure Payment 
com.coloros.floatassistant                       # Assistive Ball
com.coloros.securepay                            # Payment Protection
com.coloros.smartdrive                           # Smart Driving
com.coloros.sceneservice                         # Smart Services
com.realme.movieshot                             # Movie Shot
com.coloros.ocrscanner                           # OCR Scanner
com.coloros.smartsidebar                         # Smart Sidebar
com.heytap.market                                # App Market
com.heytap.themestore                            # Theme Store
com.heytap.market                                # App Market
com.heytap.themestore                            # Theme Store
com.coloros.healthcheck                          # Quick check
com.oppo.operationManual                         # User Guide
com.coloros.phonenoareainquire                   # Number Origin
com.ted.number                                   # Identification Of Unknown Numbers
com.oppo.logkit                                  # Feedback Toolkit (RUI-1)
com.coloros.logkit                               # Feedback (RUI-2)
com.coloros.childrenspace                        # Kids Space
com.heytap.habit.analysis                        # Intelligent Analytics System
com.heytap.openid                                # OpenID
com.coloros.lockassistant                        # Lock Assistant
com.coloros.securitypermission                   # Permission Management Of Phone Manager
com.coloros.backuprestore.remoteservice          # Clone Phone Remote Service
com.coloros.healthservice                        # Health Service
com.coloros.oppomultiapp                         # App Cloner
com.coloros.providers.fileinfo                   # File Info
com.finshell.fin                                 # Finshell payment

# Gapps
com.google.android.keep                          # Google Keep Notes
 com.google.android.apps.wellbeing               # Digital Wellbeing
 com.google.android.apps.nbu.paisa.user          # Google Pay
 com.google.android.projection.gearhead          # Android Auto
 com.google.android.gm                           # Gmail
 com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox         # Google
 com.google.android.marvin.talkback              # Android Accessibility Suite
 com.android.hotwordenrollment.okgoogle          # OK Google Enrollment
 com.google.android.tts                          # Google Text-To-Speech Engine
 com.google.android.feedback                     # Market Feedback Agent
 com.google.android.gms.location.history         # Google Location History
 com.google.android.inputmethod.latin            # Gboard (Google Keyboard)
 com.google.android.youtube                      # Youtube
 com.google.android.apps.youtube.music           # Youtube-Music
 com.google.android.dialer                       # Google Phone
 com.google.android.contacts                     # Google Contacts
 com.google.android.apps.messaging               # Google Messages
 com.google.android.apps.googleassistant         # Google Assistant
 com.google.android.apps.podcasts                # Google Podcast
 com.google.android.apps.subscription            # Google One